This reflow controller code controls a reflow oven using a Atmega32u4 mcu, MAX6675 thermocouple chip, K-type thermocouple and solid state relay.

This code is forked from Dan Strother's reflow controller code here: http://code.danstrother.com/reflow_controller

I've made the following modififcations:

* Ported to atmega32u4 (instead of Dan's at90usb1267)
* Fixed USB serial sync issues and SPI read issues encountered
* Ability to use a single thermocouple, SSR
* Optionally turn off temp moving average (Since it'll likely slow pid response rate)


=== Warnings ===

This code controlls high voltage electronics and heat sources. As stated in the copyright below, the authors are not responsible for any damages caused by this program's use or misuse.  Please be careful if you use it. Do not run this unattended.

=== MCU Pins ===

Here's the expected pin configuration:

* <code>B0</code> MAX6675 CS (Top. Pullup recommended for ISP programming)
* <code>B1</code> MAX6675 SCLK
* <code>B3</code> MAX6675 MISO
* <code>B5,B6</code> TIMER1 reserved
* <code>C6</code> MAX6675 CS (Bottom, Optional, untested)
* <code>D0,D1</code> Zero cross detector reserved (Unimplemented)
* <code>D2,D3</code> Uart1 (Reserved)
* <code>D6,D7</code> Solid state relay Top, Bottom (Active-low.  Pullups recommended)
* <code>E6</code> Status LED (active high, to match arduino conventions unfortunately)


=== Copyright ===

Copyright (c) 2012, Lawrence Leung  (Modifications)

Copyright (c) 2011, Daniel Strother http://danstrother.com/

All rights reserved.
  
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
  
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

